Guitar Hero requirements
1. Game must provide a library of songs
2. Game must have four difficulties to choose from [easy, medium, hard, expert]
3. User is able to tap, hold-tap, or swipe notes as they fall on the screen
4. Game displays users scores based on number of criteria: note streaks, difficulty multiplier, and accuracy
5. Score based on accuracy is be based on whether user taps, hop-taps, or swipes at the perfect time [at the line]
6. only 4 notes are available to be pressed on easy & medium difficulty
7. Easy difficulty  must have the average tempo of 60-90 BPM and a 50% of normal note falling speed
8. Medium difficulty must have the average tempo of 91-120 BPM, more frequent notes, and a 75 of normal falling speed
9. Hard difficulty must have the average tempo of 121-150 BPM, very rapid notes and more complex combinations, and 125% over the normal falling speed.
10. Expert difficulty must have the average tempo of 151-190, a near rapid-consistent frequency of notes,  and 150% over the normal falling speed, with the inclusion of a fifth key the user is introduced to.

Blackjack requirements
1. The game must allow users to place bets using virtual currency
2. The game must implement a random number generator to ensure the fairness in the card dealing system.
3. The game must automatically detect and declare blackjack if the player's initial hand is 21
4. The game must allow players to perform actions such as: Hit, stand, double-down, split.
5. The game must keep track of wins and loss and creates a win/loss ratio for display.
6. The game must provide an option to reset win/loss ratio.
7. The game's virtual currency are virtual chips that have the value as follows:
White chip: 1 point
Red chip: 5 points
Green chip: 25 points
Black chip: 100 points
Purple chip: 500 point
8. The game must have a timeout feature to automatically fold a player's hand if no action is taken within the timeout clock.
9. the game must include a booklet for help on how to play blackjack within the initial start screen
10. The game must allow users to name their player, with up to 10 characters allowed.

Wordle
1. The game must allow players to guess a five-letter word by entering guesses into a text input field
2. The game gives feedback for each guess by highlighting correct letters green, misplaced letters as yellow, and incorrect letters as red
3. The game limits players to a maximum five guesses per game
4. The game must randomly select a new five-letter word from a predefined dictionary each day
5. The game must have a count-down to the next word available for display.
6. The game must have a "leaderboard" based on users total games played, win percentage, and win streak (lose streak too if funny)
7. The game must use the same word for everybody using the game.  
8. The game must have a share button to display users results
9. The game must have instructions on how to play on main title
10. Ask my team for one last requirement on wordle
